Counting Haybales
=================
[Memory: 64 MB CPU: 2 sec]

Farmer John is trying to hire contractors to help rearrange his
farm, but so far all of them have quit when they saw the
complicated sequence of instructions FJ wanted them to follow.
Left to complete the project by himself, he realizes that
indeed, he has made the project perhaps more complicated than
necessary. Please help him follow his instructions to complete
the farm upgrade.

FJ's farm consists of N fields in a row, conveniently numbered
1...N. In each field there can be any number of haybales. Farmer
John's instructions contain three types of entries:

1) Given a contiguous interval of fields, add a new haybale to
each field.

2) Given a contiguous interval of fields, determine the minimum
number of haybales in a field within that interval.

3) Given a contiguous interval of fields, count the total number
of haybales inside that interval.

PROBLEM NAME: haybales

INPUT FORMAT:

The first line contains two positive integers, N
(1 <= N <= 200,000) and Q (1 <= Q <= 100,000).

The next line contains N nonnegative integers, each at most
100,000, indicating how many haybales are initially in each
field.

Each of the next Q lines contains a single uppercase letter,
either M, P or S, followed by either two positive integers A and
B (1 <= A <= B <= N), or three positive integers A, B, and C
(1 <= A <= B <= N; 1 <= C <= 100,000). There will be three positive
integers if and only if the uppercase letter is P.

If the letter is M, print the minimum number of haybales in the
interval of fields from A...B.

If the letter is P, put C new haybales in each field in the
interval of fields from A...B.

If the letter is S, print the total number of haybales found
within interval of fields from A...B.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

A line in the output should appear in response to every 'M' or
'S' entry in FJ's instructions.

SAMPLE INPUT:

4 5
3 1 2 4
M 3 4
S 1 3
P 2 3 1
M 3 4
S 1 3

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

2
6
3
8

Problem credits: Nick Wu