Equilateral Triangles
=====================
[Memory: 64 MB CPU: 2 sec]

Farmer John's pasture can be represented by a NxN square grid
(1 <= N <= 300) consisting of positions (i,j) for all 1<=i,j<=N.
For each square of the grid, the corresponding character in the
input is equal to '*' if there exists a single cow at that
position and '.' if there does not exist a cow at that position.

FJ believes that the beauty of his pasture is directly
proportional to the number of triples of cows such that their
positions are equidistant from each other. In other words, they
form an equilateral triangle. Unfortunately, it was only quite
recently that FJ realized that since all of his cows are located
at integer coordinates, no beautiful triples can possibly exist
if Euclidean distance is used! Thus, FJ has decided to switch to
use "Manhattan" distance instead. Formally, the Manhattan
distance between two positions (x0,y0) and (x1,y1) is equal to
|x0−x1|+|y0−y1|.

Given the grid representing the positions of the cows, compute
the number of equilateral triples.

SCORING:

There will be fourteen test cases aside from the sample, one for
each of

N is element of {50,75,100,125,150,175,200,225,250,275,300,300,300,300}.

PROBLEM NAME: triangles2

INPUT FORMAT:

The first line contains a single integer N.

For each 1 <= i <= N, line i+1 of the input contains a string of
length N consisting solely of the characters '*' and '.'. The
jth character describes whether there exists a cow at position
(i,j) or not.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

Output a single integer containing the answer. It can be shown
that it fits into a signed 32-bit integer.

SAMPLE INPUT:

3
*..
.*.
*..

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

1

There are three cows, and they form an equilateral triple
because the Manhattan distance between each pair of cows is
equal to two.

Problem credits: Benjamin Qi