Slingshot
=========
[Memory: 128 MB CPU: 2 sec]

One of the farming chores Farmer John dislikes the most is
hauling around lots of cow manure. In order to streamline this
process, he comes up with an intriguing idea: instead of hauling
manure between two points in a cart behind his tractor, why not
shoot it through the air with a giant manure slingshot? (indeed,
what could possibly go wrong...)

Farmer John's farm is built along a single long straight road,
so any location on his farm can be described simply using its
position along this road (effectively a point on the number
line). FJ builds N slingshots (1 <= N <= 10^5), where the ith
slingshot is described by three integers xi, yi, and ti,
specifying that this slingshot can shoot manure from position xi
to position yi in only ti total units of time.

FJ has M piles of manure to transport (1 <= M <= 10^5). The jth
such pile needs to be moved from position aj to position bj.
Hauling manure with the tractor for a distance of d takes d
units of time. FJ is hoping to reduce this by allowing up to one
use of any slingshot for transporting each pile of manure. Time
FJ spends moving his tractor without manure in it does not
count.

For each of the M manure piles, please help FJ determine the
minimum possible transportation time, given that FJ can use up
to one slingshot during the process.

PROBLEM NAME: slingshot

INPUT FORMAT:

The first line of input contains N and M. The next N lines each
describe a single slingshot in terms of integers xi, yi, and ti
(0 <= xi,yi,ti <= 10^9). The final M lines describe piles of manure
that need to be moved, in terms of integers aj and bj.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

Print M lines of output, one for each manure pile, indicating
the minimum time needed to transport it.

SAMPLE INPUT:

2 3
0 10 1
13 8 2
1 12
5 2
20 7

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

4
3
10

Here, the first pile of manure needs to move from position 1 to
position 12. Without using an slingshot, this would take 11
units of time. However, using the first slingshot, it takes 1
unit of time to move to position 0 (the slingshot source), 1
unit of time to fling the manure through the air to land at
position 10 (the slingshot destination), and then 2 units of
time to move the manure to position 12. The second pile of
manure is best moved without any slingshot, and the third pile
of manure should be moved using the second slingshot.

Problem credits: Brian Dean