Bull in a China Shop
====================
[Memory: 256 MB CPU: 6 sec]

Farmer John has decided his home needs more decoration. Visiting
the local china shop, he finds a delicate glass cow figurine
that he decides to purchase, knowing that it will fit perfectly
on the mantel above his fireplace.

The shape of the cow figurine is described by an NxM grid of
characters like the one below (3 <= N,M <= 500), where lowercase
letter characters are each part of the figurine (indicating
different colors) and '.' characters are not.

...............
...............
x..x...........
xxxx...........
xxxxaaaaaaa...
.xx.aaaaaaaaa..
....aaaaaaa.aa.
....ll...ll....
....vv...vv....
...............

Unfortunately, right before FJ can make his purchase, a bull
runs through the shop and breaks not only FJ's figurine, but
many of the other glass objects on the shelves as well! FJ's
figurine breaks into 3 pieces, which quickly become lost among K
total pieces lying on the ground (4 <= K <= 100). Each of the K
pieces is described by a grid of characters, just like the
original figurine.

Please help FJ determine how many sets of 3 pieces (out of the K
on the floor) could be glued back together to mend his broken
figurine.

The pieces on the ground might have been flipped vertically or
horizontally, or rotated by some multiple of 90 degrees.
Therefore, given the original grid as well as K grids describing
pieces, you want to find sets of 3 pieces that can be joined
together to form the original picture, allowing the pieces to be
translated, flipped, or rotated multiples of 90 degrees. When
then superimposed, the 3 pieces should exactly form the original
picture, with each colored square in the original picture
represented in exactly one of the pieces.

PROBLEM NAME: bcs

INPUT FORMAT:

The first line contains a single integer K. Following that will
be K+1 piece descriptions. The first description will describe
the original glass cow, the following K descriptions will be of
the broken pieces.

Each description begins with a line containing two integers R
and C (1 <= R,C <= 100). The following R lines contain C lowercase
alphabet characters describing the color of each cell. Each
piece will be horizontally/vertically connected and have at
least one non-empty cell.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

Output the number of triples i,j,k (i